what is the best intermittent fasting
schedule for women it seems that each
and every year a new diet trend comes
along that promises dieters an
achievable way to reach their
weight-loss goals unless you have been
living under a rock recently you'll have
noticed that intermittent fasting
schedules are currently big news it's
pretty self-explanatory to work out
what's involved but it's basically all
about strictly limiting your calorie
intake for a short period of time the
premise is brilliant for women who want
to lose weight but still eat normally
most of the time and allow themselves a
little indulgence let's take a look at
the best options when it comes to the
best intermittent fasting schedules for
women first up is the Fast Five method
on this diet you're allowed to eat
during a 5 hour window each day you can
choose the five hour window yourself so
it's fairly flexible in this respect
you're unlikely to lose any weight
during the first three weeks so bear
this in mind before starting the diet
you need to be in it for the longer haul
and it isn't considered to be a quick
fix
next what about the 5:2 method this one
involves water fasting for two days a
week then eating a normal but healthy
diet on the remaining five days the fact
that only 2 days per week are different
and you eat normally the other five it
can also take a while to start seeing
results if you like to see the scales
going down to spur you on this isn't
necessarily the right option for you
finally there's the alternate day diet
this was developed by James B Johnson MD
and involves eating normally one day
then eating less than 500 calories or
600 from n on the following day then
repeating the great thing about this
diet is that it's supercharged is your
metabolism your body quite literally
doesn't know what to expect so you can
be fairly sure that the results will
start showing in the fastest possible
time in this respect it's the alternate
day diet that really ticks the boxes
sticking to the day on day off schedule
also means that it's really quick to get
into a routine whichever intermittent
fasting diet you decide to go for do
your research and plan your meals in
advance whether your carreer lady a busy
mother juggling a young family
a student at college or anything in
between there really is a way to make a
fasting diet work for you as with
everything though failing to prepare is
preparing to fail so don't put yourself
at a disadvantage before you even get
started the right mindset is also your
secret weapon approach it is a lifestyle
choice that will have long lasting
health benefits rather than just a way
to get think quick and you'll be best
placed for making positive changes
you'll need to overcome the urge to
overeat on your normal eating days so
bear this in mind at the beginning have
you ever done one of these diets did it
work for you